So where are you successful let's solve this task to Gebre.
I'll leave the instructions here and I'll start with the death which you all assigned an idea of app
again app doesn't have to be the name you choose here.
Let's then use the new View future as is already imported here and set L to hash tag and take control
over the staff.
That's already task one solved.
Now let's add a list of hobbies and for that I need my data property a javascript object.
And since we're not in a component business now not a function but just the object here I'll have my
hobbies.
That's an array and I'll add sports and cookies here cookies cooking all like cooking cookies too though
I don't want your output desiré so add on or at least with a list item.
And we learned we can use the for to loop through elements in a list.
So here I can loop through all my hobbies in my hobbies array referring to dicere and it can output
the individual hobby now like this.
If I had control enter we see the two hobby's stare.
Now that is nice.
And that's also part 2 solved part 3 is to add a new hobby button.
So above my on order list all at the input field where the user was able to enter something and a button
where else a new hobby like dat.
And then I wanted to add a click listener.
And I Dudas with we on and then click.
So now you're all named as at Hobby and I'll add my methods property to to the instance as you learn
to register methods we can call from the template.
So here at Hobby is the name of the function because that is what is set up here at Hobby function and
I want to add my new hobby year for that.
I need to add another property user hobby any name you like which is an empty string initially but more
important which I now bind via the model as you learned it.
Now a user hobby will be updated whenever I type something here.
So once I click the button I can now fetch de-valued to user last entered so I can now reach out to
Hobbes and push a new item on desiré and basically would push this user hobby.
And you could add some code to check whether does an empty string or not.
I'll just go with the simpler approach.
Now if I had control enter and I enter reading here and hit you a hobby that is added Of course I can
add it multiple times but that doesn't matter.
Your disease task Freethought solved task 4 is a bit tricky.
We want to make these hobby's clickable and therefore removable.
I'll add this in a new line just to make it easier to read here.
I'll add the on and click because I want to react to a click on this hobby and I want to execute.
Remove Harbi in this case.
Now here I need to pass to hobby.
I want to remove as an argument and then I can go to my methods and add remove hobby year to a function.
I noted I will receive the hobby I want to remove as an argument.
And now I can find this hobby by getting the position so the position by reaching out to this hobby's
index off that's a built in function javascript offers where you can search for an element in this array
and then iterate through the set rate.
The elements I have here are stored in Harbi will be taken from that array and therefore I can find
them in the array.
So now if the position found I can reach out to hobby's again called splice and splice the element at
this position and only this element.
So splice will now remove this element from the array.
If we hit enter again and I add reading and maybe also party or whatever and I click on cooking it's
removed reading is removed then if we open the console we see no errors here.
So that's all working.
So that is a number element removed or overtasked so that should say make the hobby's clickable and
remove them.
Now the next part is to conditionally show hubby delete that as soon as a hobby was deleted.
Well conditions we learned about that.
Let's add another paragraph above the on or the list Harbi was deleted.
Something like that.
And now we want to use the if you learned about that the IF allows you to control whether something
should be shown or not actually whether something should be added to the dom or not.
So let's set up we if here and I will refer to Harbi was delete it.
Now what's that.
That is a property I yet have to define and I will do what is in the data property where we store all
the data we want to use.
Hubby was deleted and initially this is fault because initially we didn't delete any hobby but and remove
hobby which is called as soon as I do want to remove one I can now execute or I can now set this hobby
was deleted.
So there's property here.
I can now set it to true and therefore if I had control enter we don't see this text but if I add something
and I don't even have to add something for it to work and I remove any of the hobbies.
Now the hobby was deleted and now this is going to stay here because we have no way of turning this
back to false.
This hobby was to leave the property if we were to turn it back to force hobby was to lead it would
all disappear.
But dead now is the next task sold showing Harbi deleted or maybe Wasil eat it here let's add a counter
that shouldn't be too tough if we add another paragraph above the add on to list.
And we have hobbies.
Now we can use string interpellation to output a number or a text here.
The question just is how do we know how many hobbies we have in the array.
Well javascript gives us some built in tools we can't just use our hobby's array.
The one we also use here in the loop.
And then the built in length property to get the amount of elements in this array.
If I had control Antar we already see two here.
And if I add more while this clearly grows because again beauteous automatically keeps track about days
and updates to Dom in this bought whenever required whenever anything we output here changes.
So that is the next task already solved.
Adding the hobby counter.
Now we want a style this dynamically and it's totally up to you which styles and which approach you
choose here.
I'll show you both style binding and class binding.
Let's start with style binding.
I'll use the bind style here.
To set my own style so here I'll pass a javascript object as we have to so that chess is able to understand
this and I want to set a style.
Let's say I want to set the color of the text and again choose whichever thing you want to style here
I'll set the color of the text and I want to set it to red.
If we have more than free hobby's So here we can check if hobby's length is greater than three.
And you could outsource this into a method you call here as you saw it in the last lectures.
I'll use internet expression so if hobby length is greater than free then color and does has to be a
string otherwise view Chase would look for a data property which fits whatever you type here.
So if it is greater than 3 then I want to set the color to let's say red and otherwise I want to set
a black set to the default and I'll just make this a bit broader so that you can see this if I had control
enter now and I enter reading added twice.
Now Hobbes becomes red.
So that is nice.
And if I remove one it's black.
So that dynamic styling works I'll now also add a class here and I'll name dishcloths multiple hobby's
with a dash.
And here I want to gift is a border let's say so a border of one pixel is solid and also red.
If we have multiple mordent free hobbies.
So here I'll bring this into a new line again to make it a bit easier to read.
It's still on the same paragraph though I'll add another we bind statement.
Now binding to a class here as you learned with all the paths and javascript object.
And now we need to define the class name as the property.
So here there will be multiple hobbies and Endace multiple hobbies or does multiple hobbies class I
need to use single quotation marks is invalid character that dash does should be attached.
Now if.
Well if hobby length is greater than free and I don't need to return true or false because this already
is a check here right so you could say if that is graded and free and this is true otherwise it is false
but you don't have to do that.
This already is a condition which will return true or false.
If I hit Enter control enter now and I again add reading nothing happens.
If I add it again.
You see now we get this border which stems from this CSSA class.
So this is how we can use an Amec styling and classes.
As you learned it now we're already reaching the last task outsourcing these list items here into their
own component.
And that of course also means that we will have to make sure that the klick listens on still works.
So I will add a new component with the new component as you learn it.
Now we should use a selector and the selector of course has to be something which doesn't interfere
with an existing HDMI element therefore it's a good idea to pick something which is 100 percent guaranteed
or 99 percent guaranteed to be unique like app hobby prefixing it with app dash is a great way of ensuring
that you're not overriding HVM l element which might exist in the future for example.
And there we passed our object.
We now want to get the hobby from outside because we will loop through this component and replicate
it as Office need it and the array of hobbies is outside of this component.
So I'll add props and I noted I will get my individual hobby here and now with this we can replace this
list item your with app hobby like dead and pass the hobby.
But first of all we need to set up we for it to still loop from our hobbies like debt and then let me
bring this into one line then I'll bind with we bind to hobby.
So to the hobby we find here.
Let's maybe to make this easier.
Let's rename this to HPI each.
Why so HP Why is then passed to the hobby so to the property we're binding to in this component.
If we do this well our app is broken.
The reason for it is of course is that we need to find a template right.
So let's add a template to our component.
This template is a string.
It should hold our a list item of course and then the list item.
I'll use string a tribulation to output to hobby which again is set from outside.
Now if we had control enter we see sports and cooking and we can add reading again.
Dad all works but we need to make that click listener work because right now nothing happens because
there is no click listener on this list item anymore.
Let's reintroduce that.
So with the on click we can listen to clicks in this component and I want to execute.
Remove hobby then.
And therefore I now need to have a method.
So in the method property I'll add remove Harbi as a function and that by the way is iOS 6 syntax.
The long form is five would be the one you saw before.
Remove Hobley like dat.
So remove hobby.
And now here as you learn that we need to emit our own event.
We can listen to the parent component or in the parent template.
So where we used this hobby here so here I will therefore called this.
Now give it any event name you want like Harbi remove and keep in mind this has to be case insensitive
so don't try hobby removed right now.
And here I have to pass the hobby which was removed so I'll simply pass Harbi the prop here.
This hobby.
Therefore now referring to our prop now with Ted we can listen to this event on our own component's
here.
So let's use the on and listen to Harbi remove the event we defined here.
And they are we know we get this hobby as an argument.
So now we can call remove Harbi the function we defined in this view instance which controls this template.
Call remove hobby and past dollar sign event which just to bring this back into your memory will always
automatically be populated with Event Data.
You emit here this event data now with that our code should work again if I add reading here works and
if I remove it it indeed is removed and we don't see any error here.
So that is the basic set up here.
Now there are things we can improve.
There are a lot of things we can dive deeper into but for a first overview this is really great.
We get all the tasks solved now.
Time to have a look at how we can use view chips in a single page application because this code could
have been dropped in any multi-page application to the individual pages of such application before we
then leave that view chase after having a look at the single page application to also have a look at
the other frameworks.